deploy: Inject Jazzer version via a flag (#857)
CodeIntelligenceTesting/jazzer: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Releasing (CI employees only)

1. Push a tag of the form `v1.2.3` to trigger the "Prerelease" GitHub Actions workflow.
2. Wait for the workflow to finish (about 10 minutes)

> 3. When successful and happy with the results, log into https://oss.sonatype.org, select both staging repositories and "Close" them.

Reviewer: Just realized that I missed this in my change of the of the steps, but this should read "all three" instead of "both" :smile:

> 3. When successful and happy with the results, log into https://oss.sonatype.org, select both staging repositories and "Close" them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. When successful and happy with the results, log into https://oss.sonatype.org, select all three staging repositories (under "Repositories" -> "Staging" -> `com/code_intelligence`) and "Close" them.
```
